Add notable adoptions documentation section (#104)
mercure-imaging/mercure: docs/adoptions.rst

Notable Adoptions
=================

mercure has been adopted by research groups and institutions beyond the original development team at NYU Langone Health / CAI2R. This page documents known deployments and integrations in the community.

If your institution uses mercure and you would like to be listed here, please submit a pull request or open an issue on our `GitHub repository <https://github.com/mercure-imaging/mercure>`_.

BIDS-flux (Multi-site Neuroimaging)
-----------------------------------

`BIDS-flux <https://bids-flux-docs.readthedocs.io/>`_ is a scalable data management platform for multi-site neuroimaging research, built on FAIR principles (Findability, Accessibility, Interoperability, Reusability).

**Institutions involved:**

* CHU Sainte-Justine (Montreal)

> * University of Catalonia (Universitat Oberta de Catalunya)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Alberta's Children Hospital (Calgary)
```

Author: ha -- I missed such a geographical diversion ;)

* SickKids - The Hospital for Sick Children (Toronto)

**How mercure is used:**

> In the BIDS-flux architecture, mercure serves as the **data ingestion and curation component** at each local research site. It handles incoming DICOM data from MRI scanners before the data flows through the rest of the pipeline:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the BIDS-flux architecture, mercure serves as a dicom router at each local research site, enabling custom container to be executed on each new session, and  routing dicoms to proprietary dicom-only processing for synthetic MRI. It handles incoming DICOM data from MRI scanners before the data flows through the rest of the pipeline:
```
